# Design-a-Full-fledged-Network-for-an-Organization-with-Multiple-Subnets
In my project, there is one server (DHCP), which is connected to a switch that is connected to many other campuses that refers to main campus, AB-1 building, AB-2 building , AB-3 building, AB-4 building, AB-5 building. We have created some servers like web server, DNS server and DHCP server in our main campus, and by using these server we will handle these 5 campuses. We have also used wireless router which help the university students and faculties to browsing internet through their mobile or laptops. For security reason we used private password to those router. DHCP allows moving a computer, such as a laptop, among various locations without reconfiguring the TCP/IP setting. For example, if a faculty member has a laptop which he wanted to take from his office to a networked classroom to present in class, DHCP will allow the laptop to hook to the network in both locations without reconfiguring the computer. Or if a student has a laptop she wishes to use to access the network in various locations around campus, DHCP will handle the TCP/IP configuration. In the DHCP server there are few numbers of ports where we have used only one port to connect a switch that creates a sub-network. From that switch port we have connected many other switches. These are the wired network connections. I have used 6 wireless network routers so that one can connect there tablet use internet service.Using these four configurations, I have tried to create that complete model of complex network.
